---
Title: 1.1 Alpha 1
---

Zavala 1.1 is now ready for testing on iOS. It won't be available on the Mac for testing
in this release. Because of how Apple distributes App Store apps, it isn't yet possible
to test Zavala by directly distributing it like we did with the 1.0 version. Eventually
we will be able to with TestFlight for Mac coming in macOS 12 Moneterey.

A word of caution. It will automatically update
the on disk database, so once you begin using Zavala 1.1, you can't go back to 1.0. Also if
you are using iCloud to sync to a Mac, opening an outline with images embedded in it on the
Mac will cause those images to be lost.

You can get the [the iOS version](https://testflight.apple.com/join/iFbND23m) 
on TestFlight.

# Release Notes

* Added support for images
	* On the Mac you can use the Menu or Toolbar item to bring up a photo picker
	* On iOS you can use the edit menu to bring up a photo picker
	* On both platforms you can drag an item into your Outline to insert an image
* Added support for templates
	* Added the ability to duplicate an Outline
	* Added the ability to duplicate Rows
* Added the option to always open the main window when activating Zavala when there are no windows active
* Added keyboard shortcuts for moving rows
* On the iPhone and iPad there are now supplementary buttons to move rows with so that you don’t have to swipe and drag to move rows around
* Added the Add Row Inside and Add Row Outside commands
* Added the Collapse Parent Row command
* Added an item count to the Sidebar
* The link dialog will now place the cursor in the link field if the text field is populated
* We no longer restore the last cursor position when opening an outline if the keyboard was hidden when the outline was closed
* Made it easier to drag rows onto each other.
* You can now add a new Outline directly from the Link Dialog. The title of the new Outline will be the link text.
* Updates received from iCloud now update the search index automatically
* Reduced the amount of disk space used by up to 30% by removing redundant data
