---
Title: 1.1 Release
---

Zavala 1.1 has been released!

I'm pretty happy with this release. It has a number of features missing from the initial
release that are common to other outliners.  Additionally you can can now embed images in your outlines, 
which isn't so common among outliners (to the best of my knowledge). It also has a number of bug fixes and performance improvements.

You can [download Zavala](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/zavala/id1546457750) from the App Store. You can 
provide feedback on this release in [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/vincode-io/Zavala/discussions/119).

# Release Notes

* Added support for images
	* On the Mac you can use the Menu or Toolbar item to bring up a photo picker
	* On iOS you can use the edit menu to bring up a photo picker
	* On both platforms you can drag an item into your Outline to insert an image
* Added support for templates
	* Added the ability to duplicate an Outline
	* Added the ability to duplicate Rows
* Added the option to always open the main window when activating Zavala when there are no windows active
* Added keyboard shortcuts for moving rows
* On the iPhone and iPad there are now supplementary buttons to move rows with so that you don’t have to swipe and drag to move rows around
* On the iPhone and iPad there are now supplementary buttons to Link and Insert Images so that these are more discoverable
* Added the Add Row Inside and Add Row Outside commands
* Added the Collapse Parent Row command
* Added an item count to the Sidebar
* The link dialog will now place the cursor in the link field if the text field is populated
* We no longer restore the last cursor position when opening an outline if the keyboard was hidden when the outline was closed
* Made it easier to drag rows onto each other.
* You can now add a new Outline directly from the Link Dialog. The title of the new Outline will be the link text.
* Updates received from iCloud now update the search index automatically
* Reduced the amount of disk space used by up to 30% by removing redundant data