---
title: 2.1 Release
---



A new release of Zavala is now available in the iOS App Store and soon in the Mac App Store as well.

This release took much longer than I would have liked. I think I can get the next release out much quicker, hopefully in the 3-6 month time frame. I have a lot going on right now in my personal life and don’t have as much time to devote to programming as I would like. Zavala is still a big deal for me and I look forward to many more years updates to come.

* ChangeLog
	* You can now select the amount of indent space and row space in the Settings. The default size is Medium for each which is tighter than in the previous versions of Zavala. The Large sizes are what was previously used by the default layout engine.
	* Resolved a data loss bug that could happen if an Outline in an iCloud Account was being updated by more than one device at the same time and at least one of the devices was offline.
	* Copying an outline between accounts now correctly clears any backlinks
	* When copying multiple rows they now stay in the correct order when pasted
	* We now automatically detect phone numbers and addresses which we turn into clickable links
	* When performing a Drag and Drop the drop action has been much improved. It is now much easier to drop onto a row. You don’t have to chase it around trying to catch it as much as before.
	* There is now a sync indicator (spinner) that appears next to the iCloud label in the Collections view when iCloud is doing user initiated syncing. Background syncing of minor outline changes isn’t shown by this indicator.
	* We now detect if you are touching a link on the leading side of the cursor when bringing up the link dialog
	* The text No Selection shows up in the editor when no outlines are selected
	* If there is a link url on the Pasteboard when the Link dialog is shown, we will atomically fill the Link field with the Pasteboard value
	* Now if you have text selected and there is a URL on the Pasteboard, we will automatically change the selected text into a hypertext link using the Pasteboard link
	* The Documents view and Editor are now cleared if the Collection is removed, for example by disabling an Account
	* You can now share multiple outlines when selected in the Documents view (the middle one)
	* Printing and exporting multiple outlines now processes them in the correct order
	* Added the copy document option to the share sheet
	* Replaced the Copy Document Link with Share… on the Documents view context menu. You can use the Share dialog to copy document links now.
	* We now trim any whitespace left in a topic or row
	* We no longer move the cursor when completing a row unless the completing row was hidden because the filter was on
	* We now switch the Window Title to the name of a selected outline. This enables [Hook](https://hookproductivity.com) to work correctly.
	* We now insert rows at the beginning of an outline if pasting and nothing is selected to make it more consistent with pasting into an expanded outline with the header selected.
	* Deactivating the Local Account updates the UI without having to restarting Zavala now.
	* macOS
		* The Settings section formerly called Fonts & Colors is now Appearance
		* Added Privacy Policy to the Help menu
		* Added an optional toolbar item to add and delete notes
		* Fix title centering when editing
		* Dragging a a row is now much easier too. You can use any part of the row to grab it, even the text area.
		* On Ventura the Preferences menu item now says Settings
		* Added Move Left and Move Right to the default toolbar so that they are more discoverable.
		* We now show Add in the Link dialog when adding a Link instead of Update
		* Labels in the Link dialog no longer compress when a super long link is in the link field
		* Options that only nerds care about have been removed from the Help menu and the “Feedback” option in the Help menu has been renamed to “Report an Issue”
		* The “Feedback” option in the Help menu has been renamed to “Report an Issue”
		* The “About Zavala” dialog has been redesigned
		* We don’t show the Window Title in the Toolbar now that we change it to the selected outline. It looked weird right above the Documents View with the name of the outline in the Editor View.
	* iOS
		* The Help section in Settings has been renamed Information, entries that only nerds care about have been removed, and the “Feedback” option has been renamed “Report an Issue”
		* An “About Zavala” dialog has been added to provide additional app info
		* Added an toolbar item to add and delete notes
		* Add Newline button to the toolbar so that it is now possible to add newlines when editing a Topic
		* Removed the Done button on the iPhone and replaced it with a button on the keyboard toolbar to keep the navigation buttons from moving
		* On the iPhone, there is now a “undo” button in the navigation bar that gives you the ability to copy, cut, paste, undo, and redo without using the 3 finger tap menu item.
		* Added Privacy Policy to Settings
		* Added the ability to use the Editor at the full screen width on the iPad
		* Removed Delete from the Edit menu
		* Fixed the Navigation Bar’s transparency on the Editor view
		* You can no longer attempt to drag the All Collection on the iPad
		* You can no longer select the All Collection when using multiple selection on the iPad